♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Chase] "Pups Save a Hoot."
[yawns]
[hoots]
[big owl hoots]
[coos]
[hoots]
Mmm, I'm starving!
Who?
Me! [laughs]
That's who, whoever you are!
[Chase] Who's there?
[hoots]
Who, who?
-[hoots]
-Oh, I get it!
Yoo-hoo, you were calling me! [laughs]
You make me laugh.
[hoots]
Wait, you're not a knock-knock joke.
You're an owl, a tiny owl.
What's your name, little guy?
[hoots]
We just did that.
You're a hoot!
Hey, that's a good name for you:
Little Hootie.
[hoots]
Is something wrong?
Well, you picked the right pup.
[hoots]
Hey, wait up!
-Show me the way, Little Hootie.
-[hoots]
[hoots]
So the problem is this tree?
-Looks like it fell over in the wind.
-[knocking]
More knock-knock jokes?
Huh?
[hoots]
[big owl hoots]
There's another owl in there?
It's stuck, but it seems to be okay.
-[hoots]
-[Chase] Don't worry!
Chase is on the case!
I'll just dig down under the tree
and the owl can get out.
[grunts]
Whoa!
[gasps]
[hoots]
Easy, Little Hootie.
That tree can slip over the cliff!
[hoots]
Don't worry.
I'm going to take care of this.
We need the PAW Patrol.
[howls]
[hoots]
[Chase barks]
[Chase]
Ryder, Little Hootie's got a problem!
[Ryder] Little who?
-[Chase] Little Hootie, my owl pal.
-[hoots]
Who? Oh, I get it.
Little Hoot-ie! [laughs]
What seems to be the trouble?
[hooting]
Um…
He says a tree fell up on the cliff
and an owl is trapped inside it.
And if we don't do something soon,
the whole tree will fall into the sea!
Wow, Chase!
You speak pretty good owl!
Uh, kinda.
[hoots]
Don't worry, Little Hootie.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
-[hoots]
-[laughs]
No owl's too small either.
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Here I come!
Whoa, look out!
[grunts]
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
[barks]
[all barking]
[laughs]
Whoa, wait for me!
[Chase] Watch out for-- [grunts]
Little Hootie.
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
This little owl has an emergency, pups.
[hoots]
A heavy wind knocked over the tree
where Little Hootie lives,
and another owl is
trapped in the knothole.
That's terrible!
We have to help.
The tree is hanging off
a cliff over the water.
It can tip over any minute.
[beeps]
Chase, I'll need you
to use your winch to hold the tree
so it doesn't move any further.
Chase is on the case!
Plus, we might need
someone who can speak owl.
Chase speaks owl?
I don't really speak it.
I just know what he's trying to say.
[hoots]
[beeps]
Rubble, I need you and your rig
to dig under the tree trunk
and let the owl out.
Rubble on the double!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[howls]
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[hoots]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-[tires squeal]
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
[Chase] This is it!
I saw the big owl
in the knothole right here.
Listen.
Hoo, hoo?
[big owl hoots]
Wow, Chase!
You really do speak owl!
Okay, let's get this owl out of the tree.
See, Little Hootie?
I told you the PAW Patrol would help.
Little Hootie?
[owl yawns]
That's one sleepy little fella!
Owls are nocturnal,
which means they stay awake all night,
so it's no wonder he's tired.
Uh-oh!
-Good job, Chase!
-Nice catch!
[yawns]
Aw, sleep tight, little buddy.
[barks quietly] Open winch.
Hook secured.
Okay, Rubble.
Try to dig some dirt out
from under the tree.
Maybe the owl
can scramble out of its hole.
But be careful!
Rubble on the double!
[barks] Shovel!
-[big owl hoots]
-[Little Hootie hoots]
Hang on, we're going to get you!
[gasps]
Look out, Rubble! The tree's slipping!
[Chase] So is my truck!
I need to brace it against something!
Ah-ha!
We're good!
But we need to get that owl out, and fast!
[gasps] I have an idea!
Hang on!
-Yes!
-[beeps]
That should do it!
Come on, owl.
-[hoots]
-[cheering]
Whoo-hoo!
Whoa!
Whoa, that was close, Little Hootie!
-[hoots]
-[laughs]
It was nothing.
[hoots]
You know, I think that's not just any owl.
I think it's Little Hootie's mama.
Aw, I think you're right, Ryder.
Chase, you saved
Little Hootie and his mom.
Hello, Mama Hootie.
[hoots]
You don't have to speak owl
to tell that was a thank you.
Aw, you're welcome.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just hoot for help!
[hoots]
Great job, guys!
All set to go?
[Chase] Just one thing, sir.
Where are you going to live now?
[hoots]
Ah-ha!
This looks like a sturdy tree.
Why don't you try it?
[both hooting]
[whimpers]
Well, at least you know
where they are, Chase.
You can always check in on Little Hootie.
Yeah, I guess I can!
[snoring]
What's that sound?
What's owl for "sleep tight"?
Uh…
Hoo-hoo, I think.
Hoo-hoo!
Hoo-hoo, Little Hootie, hoo-hoo.
[theme music playing]